DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md, before:

# Cloud Deployment Guide

## Quick Deployment Options

### Option 1: Railway (Recommended - Free)

1. **Prepare your code:**

   ```bash
   git add .
   git commit -m "Deploy Notion AI Bot"
   git push origin main
   ```

2. **Deploy to Railway:**

   - Go to [railway.app](https://railway.app)
   - Sign up with GitHub
   - Click "New Project"
   - Select "Deploy from GitHub repo"
   - Choose your repository

3. **Configure the service:**

   - Set start command: `python app.py`
   - Set port: `8000`

4. **Add environment variables:**

   ```
   NOTION_DB_ID=your_database_id_here
   NOTION_API_KEY=your_notion_api_key_here
   OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_api_key_here
   MIN_POLL_INTERVAL=30
   MAX_POLL_INTERVAL=300
   ```

5. **Deploy and monitor:**
   - Click "Deploy"
   - Check logs in Railway dashboard
   - Test with a Notion prompt

### Option 2: Render (Also Free)

1. Go to [render.com](https://render.com)
2. Create account with GitHub
3. New Web Service -> Connect your repo
4. Set build command: `pip install -r requirements.txt`
5. Set start command: `python app.py`
6. Add environment variables (same as above)
7. Deploy!

## Environment Variables

Add these to your cloud platform:

```
NOTION_DB_ID=your_database_id_here
NOTION_API_KEY=your_notion_api_key_here
OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_api_key_here
MIN_POLL_INTERVAL=30
MAX_POLL_INTERVAL=300
```

## Testing Your Deployment

1. Add a test prompt to your Notion database
2. Set status to "Pending"
3. Wait 30-60 seconds
4. Check if the response appears
5. Verify the "Generated Date" is filled

## Monitoring

- Check logs regularly in your cloud platform
- Monitor OpenAI API usage
- Test with prompts occasionally
- Set up alerts if needed

## Cost

- **Railway/Render**: FREE (500 hours/month)
- **OpenAI**: ~$2-5/month for personal use
- **Notion**: FREE

## Troubleshooting

**Bot not responding:**

- Check logs in cloud platform
- Verify environment variables
- Test API keys locally first

**High costs:**

- Monitor OpenAI usage
- Set spending limits in OpenAI dashboard
- Consider reducing polling frequency

## Security Notes

- Never commit your .env file
- Keep API keys secure in cloud platform
- Use environment variables, not hardcoded values
- Monitor for unusual activity

## Next Steps

1. Choose Railway or Render
2. Follow the deployment steps
3. Add your environment variables
4. Deploy and test
5. Monitor the logs
6. Enjoy 24x7 automation!

Commit message:

Notion AI Automation Integration Production-Ready for Deployment

DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md, after:

# Cloud Deployment Guide (Async & Fast Mode Ready)

## Quick Deployment Options

### Option 1: Railway (Recommended - Free)

1. **Prepare your code:**

   ```bash
   git add .
   git commit -m "Deploy Notion AI Bot"
   git push origin main
   ```

2. **Deploy to Railway:**

   - Go to [railway.app](https://railway.app)
   - Sign up with GitHub
   - Click "New Project"
   - Select "Deploy from GitHub repo"
   - Choose your repository

3. **Configure the service:**

   - Set start command: `python app.py`
   - Set port: `8000`

4. **Add environment variables:**

   - **Required:**
     ```
     NOTION_DB_ID=your_database_id_here
     NOTION_API_KEY=your_notion_api_key_here
     OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_api_key_here
     ```
   - **Optional (for fast mode):**
     ```
     FAST_MODE=1
     ```
   - **Optional (for custom delays):**
     ```
     FAST_MODE=0
     MIN_POLL_INTERVAL=5
     MAX_POLL_INTERVAL=30
     PROMPT_DELAY_MIN=0.5
     PROMPT_DELAY_MAX=1.0
     NOTION_QUERY_DELAY_MIN=0.1
     NOTION_QUERY_DELAY_MAX=0.5
     NOTION_UPDATE_DELAY_MIN=0.1
     NOTION_UPDATE_DELAY_MAX=0.5
     JITTER=1
     ```

5. **Deploy and monitor:**
   - Click "Deploy"
   - Check logs in Railway dashboard
   - Test with a Notion prompt

### Option 2: Render (Also Free)

1. Go to [render.com](https://render.com)
2. Create account with GitHub
3. New Web Service -> Connect your repo
4. Set build command: `pip install -r requirements.txt`
5. Set start command: `python app.py`
6. Add environment variables (same as above)
7. Deploy!

## Environment Variables

- **No secrets or API keys are in this repo.**
- **.env is gitignored and must be created by you.**
- **Safe for public GitHub.**

## Testing Your Deployment

1. Add a test prompt to your Notion database
2. Set status to "Pending"
3. Wait a few seconds (FAST_MODE) or up to your polling interval
4. Check if the response appears
5. Verify the "Generated Date" is filled

## Monitoring

- Check logs regularly in your cloud platform
- Monitor OpenAI API usage
- Test with prompts occasionally
- Set up alerts if needed

## Cost

- **Railway/Render**: FREE (500 hours/month)
- **OpenAI**: ~$2-5/month for personal use
- **Notion**: FREE

## Troubleshooting

**Bot not responding:**

- Check logs in cloud platform
- Verify environment variables
- Test API keys locally first

**High costs:**

- Monitor OpenAI usage
- Set spending limits in OpenAI dashboard
- Consider reducing polling frequency

## Security Notes

- Never commit your .env file
- Keep API keys secure in cloud platform
- Use environment variables, not hardcoded values
- Monitor for unusual activity
- **This project is safe for public GitHub.**

## Next Steps

1. Choose Railway or Render
2. Follow the deployment steps
3. Add your environment variables
4. Deploy and test
5. Monitor the logs
6. Enjoy 24x7 automation!
